# The Tokenomics

Farm and game tokens have a habit of going to zero. We understand why this happens and only a few teams actually try to innovate to solve this problems. They are only interested in getting in, getting theirs, and then getting out, before the crash comes.

When we were designing Lemonade! we looked at the tokenomics of many projects both the the play to earn and the defi sectors for stand-outs. The most impressive find is a project that DeFiSauce is a huge fan of, [Drip](https://drip.community/faucet?buddy=0x786755E3a1DfcB121f754fFb9249095d9F4c9Ebf).

## The Drip Ecosystem

[Drip](https://drip.community/faucet?buddy=0x786755E3a1DfcB121f754fFb9249095d9F4c9Ebf)'s value over time (more than a year) is still make higher highs, even though the price took a dip with the rest of the market. This is not an accident, CryptoShark and DeFiSauce have similar backgrounds in trading environments, and investing and insurance industries.

[Drip](https://drip.community/faucet?buddy=0x786755E3a1DfcB121f754fFb9249095d9F4c9Ebf) has a special heavily deflationary token at it's core. A Token that has a tax system built into the coin, so when it is used, a large portion can be siphoned off to compound and pay people rewards.

## Our inflationary token

$Lemonade is produced by lemonade stands, carts, vans, and shops. These are represented on chain by (NFTs) and different rarities produce different amounts of $Lemonade per minute.

This token has heavy burn mechanisms to keep the price from plummeting by forcing it's use to buy upgrades, more stands, and in order to stake, along with avax, to earn the high interest cd, which we shameless stole from [Drip](https://drip.community/faucet?buddy=0x786755E3a1DfcB121f754fFb9249095d9F4c9Ebf).

There is no cap, and it is continuously generated by players staking their NFTs, and even though we have burn mechanisms and controls for emmissions, it is therefore still classed as inflationary.

## Our deflationary, store of value token

Without careful planning and maintenance, farm tokens go to 0. That is not a long-term investment. So we designed our store of value token after the tokenomics of [Drip](https://drip.community/faucet?buddy=0x786755E3a1DfcB121f754fFb9249095d9F4c9Ebf), who got it right.

Instead of dumping a worthless token on the market, you use that token to supercharge your investment in a deflationary token that pays up to 1% daily, compounded for up to 365%!
